Add converse behavior and fix style. (#15242)
cockroachdb/docs: v22.2/unique.md

- When using the `UNIQUE` constraint on multiple columns, the collective values of the columns must be unique. This *does not* mean that each value in each column must be unique, as if you had applied the `UNIQUE` constraint to each column individually.

- You can define the `UNIQUE` constraint when you [create a table](#syntax), or you can add it to an existing table through [`ADD CONSTRAINT`](add-constraint.html#add-the-unique-constraint).

{% include {{page.version.version}}/sql/indexes-regional-by-row.md %}

For an example that uses unique indexes, see [Add a unique index to a `REGIONAL BY ROW` table](add-constraint.html#add-a-unique-index-to-a-regional-by-row-table).

## Syntax

You can define `UNIQUE` constraints at the [table level](#table-level) and at the [column level](#column-level).

### Table level

<div>
{% remote_include https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cockroachdb/generated-diagrams/{{ page.release_info.crdb_branch_name }}/grammar_svg/unique_table_level.html %}
</div>

Parameter | Description
----------|------------

> `table_name` | The name of the table you're creating.

Reviewer: This is out of scope, but while we're here:

```suggestion
`table_name` | The name of the table you are creating.
```

`column_def` | Definitions for any other columns in the table.
`name` | The name you want to use for the constraint, which must be unique to its table and follow these [identifier rules](keywords-and-identifiers.html#identifiers).
`column_name` | The name of the column you want to constrain.
`table_constraints` | Any other table-level [constraints](constraints.html) you want to apply.

**Example**

{% include_cached copy-clipboard.html %}
~~~ sql
> CREATE TABLE logon (
    login_id  INT PRIMARY KEY,
    customer_id   INT,
    logon_date    TIMESTAMP,
    UNIQUE (customer_id, logon_date)
  );
~~~

### Column level

<div>
{% remote_include https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cockroachdb/generated-diagrams/{{ page.release_info.crdb_branch_name }}/grammar_svg/unique_column_level.html %}
</div>

Parameter | Description
----------|------------

> `table_name` | The name of the table you're creating.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`table_name` | The name of the table you are creating.
```
